---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "My Setup"
description: "Based on The Setup interviews. I have always been interested in how others get their work done. Here's my setup."
category: articles
tags: [stuff I use, getting things done, process, software, hardware]
---

### Who are you and what do you do?
Answer [here](http://www.fioritto.us/about/index.html).

### What hardware do you use?
At work I currently have a Dell laptop that gets docked when I am in the office. Connected to that is a twenty-something-inch monitor. This setup will be replaced soon with an Apple MacBook Air. I have been working with Windows machines for some time so I'm making a list now of potential software to replace some of the tools I use today.

At home I have a Dell tower connected to dual twenty-something-inch monitors. I primarily use this machine for processing and managing photos. I calibrate the monitors often and when the RSI kicks in I have an older Wacom Bamboo device that I can use with a pen. It also comes in handy when doing a lot of retouching in Photoshop.

Along with hard drive it came with, I installed a 2GB internal drive to store my photo archive. I back that up to an external drive which I should start storing off site somewhere.

A few months ago I purchased a Samsung Chromebook. I use it at home to develop, surf the web and manage email. I also take it with me when I travel, although checking two laptops is a pain. I'm working more and more in the cloud these days and I liked the price, form factor and capabilities of the Chromebook.

I have an original Kindle that I use to read. I prefer it over the iPad or laptop.

I have a work issued iPad that I use to review television related apps and monitor Twitter and other content via Flipboard. I also download and read the occasional pdf file. If I did not have it I would miss Flipboard, but that is about it. 

I have an iPhone 4 something and I am thinking about moving to the Samsung Galaxy S4 given my Chromebook use and reliance on Google products. I have an unlocked Motorola Droid Pro that I am keeping around because of its GSM capabilities and SIM card.

I shoot with Leica M cameras and a variety of lenses. I have an M6, M4-2 and 35mm and 50mm lenses. I use the 35mm 85% of the time and I'm trying to use the 50mm more. I also have an old 50mm Russian made lens, a 40mm Voigtlander and an older 35mm screw mount Canon lens. They get limited use depending on my mood. I am currently shooting black and white film (Kodak Tri-X) but I am thinking about switching my workflow to color neg film. It will save me the processing time and it is easier to scan.

I also have an old Canon Rebel digital that I use off an on. I almost ditched everything to purchase a Fuji X Pro system, but I'm going to hold off for now.

### What software?
Today, I am working with more and more software that is in the cloud. Through the years I have experimented with a lot of software. I would download it, give it a trial and then it would often linger unused, contributing to the eventual cruftiness of my machine. I like the ability to try things out without having to install anything.

My current favorite software is Evernote. I have it installed on my work laptop and I use the web based version everywhere else. I use it to store my research notes, clip content from the web and keep track of projects. I make use of the Skitch integration to grab screen shots for presentations and product design. 

I am using Google docs more and more, both at work and personally. Docs, sheets and presentations. Microsoft Office still comes into play, but I'm using it less and less.

For web development on the Windows machines, I use Notepad++ and ftp (I am not a developer, so I do some lightweight work on our developer portal and this site). On the Chromebook I am using Cloud9, git, github and secure shell for web development. I like the combination of having an editor and shell access in the same cloud based application. 

I am using Jekyll to build out this site and instead of migrating all of my old Wordpress content I just archived it. Cloud9 is working pretty well to date. I am trying to learn git so I use it for version control and backup the project to Github. I have an rsync script that moves the html files to my hosting service at fioritto.us.

To manage my varied interests, I use Feedly to keep track of various blogs (after Google Reader was shut down) and much of my news flow now comes from Twitter. I use Tweetdeck to keep up with that flow and to post to both my personal and work account.

I also use Pocket to TiVo content I want to read later. I works well on my Chromebook and if there is something I want to keep or an item that is part of a research project, I then use the Evernote Chrome extension to clip it into a notebook.

At work I live in Outlook. We use it for email and calendaring. I have been using it for years and am used to it my now, althogh I don't like flipping between it and Gmail. For personal use I use Gmail and still have a Yahoo! account I check about once a week.

I use Google Hangouts, Skype, Webex and Lync (corporate im tool) for video conferencing and instant messaging.

For photography I am in the process of fine tuning my workflow. I'm moving to Lightroom and will begin experimenting with that to process my images as well. To date I have used Photoshop exclusively with a folder system for keeping track of original scans, derivative files and final work.

By now you have probably figured out that I live in Google Chrome. I have not used Firefox in over a year and I have to use Microsoft Explorer at work for a couple of internal applications.

Overall, moving much of my work to the cloud has been a good experience. With Jekyll, I like the fact that I could use Text offline in my Chromebook and then upload files when I'm connected. Cloud9 has been working pretty well and I save often out of years of experience with losing work.

Finally I use LastPass to keep track of all of my logins.

### What would be your dream setup?
I am not much of a hardware geek, but I am looking forward to getting the MacBook Air. It is light, powerful and most interesting to me, I can drop down into the command line to manage things if I want.

On the photography front I'm holding out for a Leica Monochrom body. I primarly shoot in black and white and I have been intrigued with this since it came out. I have the lenses, now I just need the body to make the move to an all digital workflow.

Otherwise I enjoy seeing and trying out what developers are creating. 